chore: Add link to supabase-kt to in prep for archiving the repo (#6)
supabase-community/gotrue-kt: README.md

# Kotlin Client for GoTrue

> **Warning**

> > This repository is archived. Use [supabase-kt](https://github.com/supabase-community/supabase-kt) instead to use Supabase in your Android application.

Author: ```suggestion
> This repository is archived. Use [supabase-kt](https://github.com/supabase-community/supabase-kt) instead to use Supabase in your Kotlin projects.

```
